########################
# Aqualung Album Tracks
########################

add_track
title:Aqualung
artist:Jethro Tull
album:Aqualung
comment:One of the more famous

add_track
title:Locomotive Breath
artist:Jethro Tull
album:Aqualung
comment:

add_track
title:Teacher
artist:Jethro Tull
album:Aqualung
comment:

########################
# Stand Up Album Tracks
########################

add_track
title:A New Day Yesterday
artist:Jethro Tull
album:Stand Up
comment:

add_track
title:Bouree
artist:Jethro Tull
album:Stand Up
comment:

add_track
title:Back to the Family
artist:Jethro Tull
album:Stand Up
comment:

add_track
title:Nothing is Easy
artist:Jethro Tull
album:Stand Up
comment:

add_track
title:We Used to Know
artist:Jethro Tull
album:Stand Up
comment:

#########################
## Minstrel Album Tracks
#########################

add_track
title:Minstrel in the Gallery
artist:Jethro Tull
album:Minstrel in the Gallery
comment:

add_track
title:Cold Wind to Valhalla
artist:Jethro Tull
album:Minstrel in the Gallery
comment:

add_track
title:Black Satin Dancer
artist:Jethro Tull
album:Minstrel in the Gallery
comment:

add_track
title:Requiem
artist:Jethro Tull
album:Minstrel in the Gallery
comment:

add_track
title:One White Duck
artist:Jethro Tull
album:Minstrel in the Gallery
comment:

add_track
title:Baker St. Muse
artist:Jethro Tull
album:Minstrel in the Gallery
comment:

add_track
title:Grace
artist:Jethro Tull
album:Minstrel in the Gallery
comment:

###################################
## South Side album Tracks
###################################

add_track
title:Look Out Any Window
artist:Bruce Hornsby
album:Scenes from the South Side
comment:

add_track
title:The Valley Road
artist:Bruce Hornsby
album:Scenes from the South Side
comment:

add_track
title:I Will Walk With You
artist:Bruce Hornsby
album:Scenes from the South Side
comment:

add_track
title:The Road Not Taken
artist:Bruce Hornsby
album:Scenes from the South Side
comment:

add_track
title:The Show Goes On
artist:Bruce Hornsby
album:Scenes from the South Side
comment:

add_track
title:The Old Playground
artist:Bruce Hornsby
album:Scenes from the South Side
comment:

add_track
title:Jacob's Ladder
artist:Bruce Hornsby
album:Scenes from the South Side
comment:

##################################
## Define a couple of Playlists
#################################

add_playlist
pl_title:Playlist 2
title:The Road Not Taken
artist:Bruce Hornsby
title:Jacob's Ladder
artist:Bruce Hornsby
title:The Valley Road
artist:Bruce Hornsby
title:Grace
artist:Jethro Tull
title:Black Satin Dancer
artist:Jethro Tull

add_playlist
pl_title:Playlist 1
title:Aqualung
artist:Jethro Tull
title:Teacher
artist:Jethro Tull
title:A New Day Yesterday
artist:Jethro Tull
title:Back to the Family
artist:Jethro Tull
title:We Used to Know
artist:Jethro Tull
title:Cold Wind to Valhalla
artist:Jethro Tull

